README.md, before:

# oryoruk.github.io
## Personal Website

### Projected Content
- A Headshot Photo
- Full Name/Pronunciation & Meaning of Full Name
- Welcome/Short Bio
- Research Interests
- Links to:
  - Email Address
  - CV
  - Blog
  - Diary (Private Blog)
  - Accounts at webservices:
    - GitHub: www.github.com/oryoruk
    - Twitter: www.twitter.com/oryoruk
    - LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/oryoruk
    - Instagram: www.instagram.com/oryoruk
    - Rosalind: www.rosalind.info/users/oryoruk
    - Later if I become active:
      - Bitbucket: www.bitbucket.org/oryoruk
      - Instructables: www.instructables.com/member/oryoruk
      - Pinterest: www.pinterest.com/oryoruk
      - Flickr: www.flickr.com/photos/oryoruk
      - Vimeo, Quora, Wikipedia, ResearchGate, etc.


### Considerations on Design
- Use a pre-existing HTML5 template
 - Must work well across devices, browsers
 - Must allow customization
- A humorous 404 Page, like this: http://rosalind.info/users/morukonur/

### To Do
- ~~Register domain name~~
- ~~Register for user accounts in various web services~~
- Update LinkedIn account
- ~~Redirect oryoruk.github.io to oryoruk.com~~
- ~~Point oryoruk.com to oryoruk.github.io~~
- ~~Redirect other associated domains (.net/.info) to oryoruk.com~~
- ~~Setup the blog~~
- ~~Migrate diary to new gmail~~
- ~~Redirect blog to blog.oryoruk.com~~
- ~~Redirect diary to diary.oryoruk.com~~
- Update original URLs of blog and diary (in September old ones will expire)
- Pick a template
- Pick a photo
- Write "Welcome" section
- Write "Research Interests" section
- Update CV to reflect:
  - ~~Name~~ 
  - Graduation, GPA
  - New school
  - New research rotation in current employment
  - New research rotation in Res. Exp.
  - New conferences
  - Website
  - ~~Links to GitHub/Bitbucket~~
  - Address
  - ~~New email addresses~~

Commit message:

Updated To Do list, added general plan.
I am loving markdown.
Being on a readme file, everything unrelated to the readme document is under Notes header

README.md, after:

# oryoruk.github.io
## Personal Website

### Projected Content
- A Headshot Photo
- Full Name/Pronunciation & Meaning of Full Name
- Welcome/Short Bio
- Research Interests
- Links to:
  - Email Address
  - CV
  - Blog
  - Accounts at webservices:
    - GitHub: www.github.com/oryoruk
    - Twitter: www.twitter.com/oryoruk
    - LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/oryoruk
    - Instagram: www.instagram.com/oryoruk
    - Rosalind: www.rosalind.info/users/oryoruk
    - Later if I become active:
      - Bitbucket: www.bitbucket.org/oryoruk
      - Instructables: www.instructables.com/member/oryoruk
      - Pinterest: www.pinterest.com/oryoruk
      - Flickr: www.flickr.com/photos/oryoruk
      - Vimeo, Quora, Wikipedia, ResearchGate, etc.

### Notes
#### Considerations on Design
- Use a pre-existing HTML5 template for now.
- Eventually a website, that
 - Works well across devices, browsers
 - Allows customization
 - Highlights code syntax
 - Displays media: plots, pictures elegantly
 - Has an RSS feed
 - Has a humorous 404 Page :) like this: http://rosalind.info/users/morukonur/

#### Plan
1. Initially:
  1. Start posting on Blogger
  2. Have a static page for now with a link to the dynamic page: blog
  3. Match the color scheme of the static page template on Blogger template 
2. Later:
  4. Survey options for having a single dynamic page
    - Jeykll on GitHub 
    - WordPress on private hosting
  5. Migrate blog and static page a into the new dynamic one

#### To Do
- ~~Register domain name~~
- ~~Register for user accounts in various web services~~
- Update LinkedIn account
- ~~Redirect oryoruk.github.io to oryoruk.com~~
- ~~Point oryoruk.com to oryoruk.github.io~~
- ~~Redirect other associated domains (.net/.info) to oryoruk.com~~
- ~~Setup the blog~~
- ~~Migrate diary to new gmail~~
- ~~Redirect blog to blog.oryoruk.com~~
- ~~Redirect diary to diary.oryoruk.com~~
- Update original URLs of blog and diary (in September old ones will expire)
- Pick an HTML5 template
- Pick a photo
- Write "Welcome" section
- Write "Research Interests" section
- Update CV to reflect:
  - ~~Name~~ 
  - Graduation, GPA
  - New school
  - New research rotation in current employment
  - New research rotation in Res. Exp.
  - New conferences
  - Website
  - ~~Links to GitHub/Bitbucket~~
  - Address
  - ~~New email addresses~~
- Look into options to consolidate blog and static website
- Migrate existing blog and static website into the new dynamic one
